570 transfer logic documentation (#571)
openmsupply/open-msupply: server/service/src/processors/transfer/shipment/README.md

# Shipment Transfer Processor

As per general description in [transfer processors](../README.md) and these diagrams:

From [TMF internal google doc](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1eEe0uBGvkXbYnKc2oLO2U0qRwFv4l0ws4QwFZa6e74s/edit#slide=id.p):

![omSupply shipment transfer processors](./doc/omSupply_shipment_transfer_workflow.png)

From [TMF internal docs](https://app.diagrams.net/#G1o_xRQAhjVsnqhxhJEu9dY6AZ_lJfG9co)

![omSupply shipment transfer processors](./doc/omSupply_shipment_transfer_processors.png)

## Request Requisition linked to Inbound Shipment

> When inbound shipment is created from outbound shipment, we check for requisition linked to outbound shipment (response requisition) and check what request requisition is linked to that response requisition and link inbound shipment with correct request requisition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an inbound shipment is created from outbound shipment, we check for a requisition linked to the outbound shipment (response or client requisition) and check which request requisition is linked to that response requisition and link the inbound shipment with correct request requisition
```

Author: Is `client requisition` a new type ? I think it's called `customer requisition` ? I was hoping to avoid using legacy terms in omSupply, added suggestion as a commit, without `or client`: 6225fa298f3bc269f623b520aed754ae1d7a6af5

Reviewer: sorry, yeah. I meant customer 🙄

## Invoice Line on Update

> When outbound shipment is updated and inbound shipment was already generated, invoice lines will be dropped and and reinstanted to match outbound shipment (this is the simples way to update potentially changed invoice lines)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When an outbound shipment is updated and an inbound shipment is already generated, invoice lines will be dropped and reinstated to match the outbound shipment (this is the simplest way to update potentially changed invoice lines)
```
